made parse_nginx_log() more fogiving (#249)
vectordotdev/vrl: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> braking change to `parse_nginx_log()` to make it compatiple to more unstandardized events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
breaking change to `parse_nginx_log()` to make it compatible to more unstandardized events
```

## unreleased

> braking change to `REGEX_NGINX_COMBINED_LOG`

Reviewer: please shorten this to just a short single line. A link to the PR can be included for a more detailed explanation.

Author: agreed
